Release 0.5.0 (#111)
ray-project/ray-llm: models/README.md

Engine is the abstraction for interacting with a model. It is responsible for scheduling and running the model inside a Ray Actor worker group.

> The `engine_config` section specifies the model ID (`model_id`), how to initialize it and what parameters to use when generating tokens with an LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `engine_config` section specifies the model ID (`model_id`), how to initialize it, and what parameters to use when generating tokens with an LLM.
```

RayLLM supports continuous batching, meaning incoming requests are processed as soon as they arrive, and can be added to batches that are already being processed. This means that the model is not slowed down by certain sentences taking longer to generate than others. RayLLM also supports quantization, meaning compressed models can be deployed with cheaper hardware requirements. For more details on using quantized models in RayLLM, see the [quantization guide](continuous_batching/quantization/README.md).

#### vLLM Engine Config
* `model_id` is the ID that refers to the model in the RayLLM or OpenAI API.

> * `type` is the type of  inference engine. `VLLMEngine`, `TRTLLMEngine` and `EmbeddingEngine` are currently supported.

Reviewer: Make sure to include [the oxford comma](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/what-is-the-oxford-comma-and-why-do-people-care-so-much-about-it/) when writing lists.

```suggestion
* `type` is the type of  inference engine. `VLLMEngine`, `TRTLLMEngine`, and `EmbeddingEngine` are currently supported.
```

* `generation` contains configurations related to default generation parameters such as `prompt_format` and `stopping_sequences`.
* `hf_model_id` is the Hugging Face model ID. This can also be a path to a local directory. If not specified, defaults to `model_id`.
* `runtime_env` is a dictionary that contains Ray runtime environment configuration. It allows you to set per-model pip packages and environment variables. See [Ray documentation on Runtime Environments](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-core/handling-dependencies.html#runtime-environments) for more information.
* `s3_mirror_config` is a dictionary that contains configuration for loading the model from S3 instead of Hugging Face Hub. You can use this to speed up downloads.
* `gcs_mirror_config` is a dictionary that contains configuration for loading the model from Google Cloud Storage instead of Hugging Face Hub. You can use this to speed up downloads.

#### TRTLLM Engine Config

> * `model_local_path` is the path to the TensorRT-LLM model directory.

Reviewer 2: @sihanwang41 you missed some edits in the original PR. This section is missing `model_id` and `type`

Author: Updated.

> * `s3_mirror_config` is a dictionary that contains configuration for loading the model from S3 instead of Hugging Face Hub. You can use this to speed up downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `s3_mirror_config` is a dictionary that contains configurations for loading the model from S3 instead of Hugging Face Hub. You can use this to speed up downloads.
```

* `generation` contains configurations related to default generation parameters such as `prompt_format` and `stopping_sequences`.

> * `scheduler_policy` is to choose scheduler policy between max_utilization/guaranteed_no_evict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `scheduler_policy` sets the scheduler policy to either `MAX_UTILIZATION` or `GUARANTEED_NO_EVICT`.
```

(`MAX_UTILIZATION` packs as many requests as the underlying TRT engine can support in any iteration of the InflightBatching generation loop. While this is expected to maximize GPU throughput, it might require that some requests be paused and restarted depending on peak KV cache memory availability.

> `GUARANTEED_NO_EVICT` uses KV cache more conservatively guaranteeing that a request, once started, will run to completion without eviction.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GUARANTEED_NO_EVICT` uses KV cache more conservatively and guarantees that a request, once started, runs to completion without eviction.)
```

> * `logger_level` is to configure log level for TensorRT-LLM engine. ("INFO", "ERROR", "VERBOSE", "WARNING")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logger_level` is to configure log level for TensorRT-LLM engine. ("VERBOSE", "INFO", "WARNING", "ERROR")
```

> * `max_num_sequences` is the maximum number of requests/sequences the backend can maintain state

Reviewer: This is an incomplete sentence. I'm not sure what it's supposed to say. Could you take a look?

Author: fixed!

> * `max_tokens_in_paged_kv_cache` is to configure the maximum number of tokens in the paged kv cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_tokens_in_paged_kv_cache` sets the maximum number of tokens in the paged kv cache.
```

> * `kv_cache_free_gpu_mem_fraction` is to configure K-V Cache free gpu memory fraction.

Reviewer: Could you add more details? What is the impact of setting this field?

```suggestion
* `kv_cache_free_gpu_mem_fraction` sets the K-V Cache free gpu memory fraction.
```
